Add mark_read option and fix #45 (#46)
logstash-plugins/logstash-input-imap: docs/index.asciidoc

  * Value type is <<boolean,boolean>>
  * Default value is `false`

> Flag processed messages as deleted, the message will still be available on the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flag processed messages as deleted. The message will still be available on the server.
```

  * Value type is <<boolean,boolean>>
  * Default value is `false`

> Expunge messages in the IMAP folder. This will permanently delete messages from the IMAP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expunge messages in the IMAP folder. When set to `true`, messages will be permanently deleted from the IMAP server.
```
